feat: add unplugin transform hook doc (#2309)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/config/plugins.mdx

});
```

:::tip

> When using unplugin transform hook, you need to use transformInclude hook to exclude the html module. Transform hook will destroy the html-rspack-plugin plug-in to generate html.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the transform hook in unplugin, please use the `transformInclude` hook to match the specified module. When the transform hook matches the `.html` module, it will replace the default EJS conversion feature of the html-rspack-plugin.
```
